code for advance slave wixel

should always listening to radio, never skip this part
packet logic is still the same

ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 .. .. Data12 Data13 Delimiter then repeat for (n-1) slave

so the data packet will have a total of n times 16 bytes, where n is the number of slaves
and the whole packet maybe like this: 
ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 Data4 Data5 Data6 ....... Data13 Delimiter ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd  etc.

but now, data0, data1, data2 are reserved for robot actual position x, y, theta. this is for the robot localization for the movement purpose.
so the robot always knows where it is in the field. (assuming optitrack is not malfunctioning)
    however, coz we get harsh sunlight here, the optitrack sometimes lose track or return false feedback (a jump in position).
    so we also have a simple filering mechanism here in the slave robot side (basically a threshold based jump filter, is the change is not much then we accept it with a high alpha, else we accept with a low alpha to smooth the jump).
    we also limit the robot max speed to loosen this effect too, to be more reliable with this filter.

slave should operate like a state machine, with 3 main state:
IDLE: will flash the RGB led to red or purple
HOME: will flash the  RGB led to blue,
RUN: will flash the  RGB led to green,

so the logic is,  the state will change based on the command received from master, 
and if possible, from the internal sensor/timer as well. but  we can not use  any onboard sensor from Zumo tho, as they need the SCL and SDA, which we are using for another purposes

the slave will NOT be able to send any data back to master, it will only receive commands and execute them. remember that, so this is a one way communication, and an open loop from the master POV

here are the command could be from the master: (for cmd), this is a draft, we will replace the nickname with the actual command code later
    CMD_STOP: should stop all motion and abort all current operation
    CMD_GO_TO: should go to a specific location (Data3 and Data 4)
    CMD_PREP: tell the slave to prepare for an operation. after this the master begin to send multiple PREP CMD to the slave.
                this also make the slave stop any current operation and listen to collect the needed data.
                this process can continue for quite a while until the master send a different command.
    CMD_RUN: tell the slave to start the operation prepared by the previous PREP commands.
                after this command, the slave should start the operation.
    CMD_AUX: some auxiliary command, that does not affect the state machine, like for just updating the position data, or other minor things.
    thats it for now.

the state machine logic should/ maybe like this, for each state, we have different behavior for the RGB led, and different response to the command received

IDLE: RGB led flash red or purple. robot should be stationary
    on CMD_PREP: purple led, stay in IDLE, collecting data for the operation
    on CMD_RUN: go to RUN state (but reject if not enough data is collected yet)
    on CMD_STOP: red led, stay in IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: go to HOME state 
HOME: RGB led flash blue. this is a transition state, as robot will head to the target location specified by the CMD_GO_TO
    on CMD_PREP: ignore, stay in HOME.
    on CMD_RUN: ignore, stay in HOME
    on CMD_STOP: red led, go to IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: update target location, stay in HOME.
    on reach destination: red led, go to IDLE state.
        detect the reach destination by using a distance threshold to the target location.
RUN: RGB led flash green. robot is executing the operation prepared by the previous PREP commands. 
    on CMD_PREP: ignore, stay in RUN.
    on CMD_RUN: ignore, stay in RUN
    on CMD_STOP: red led, go to IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: ignore, stay in RUN.
    on finish operation: red led, go to IDLE state.

the operation in RUN state, technically could be anything, but here, it is tracking a predefined path with optional obstacle avoidance features.
the path is defined by the previous PREP commands, which is a series of waypoints and their order.
the data format in the PREP command will be like this to a robot with ADD add 
    add Data0 Data1 Data2 PREP  ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY Data13 DELIMITER 
coz we limit to 10 bytes of data reserve for the CMD, so we can only send 3 waypoints each time (position + order) to the slave.
so if we want to send more waypoints, we need to send multiple PREP commands to the slave, and the slave will store them in a predefine-size array of 20 waypoints.
so the slave will collect all the waypoints from multiple PREP commands, until it receive a different command (CMD_RUN, CMD_STOP, CMD_GO_TO)
the master during this time would keep sending PREP data for a while (maybe 5 seconds ) to make sure the slave get all the data.

if master sends CMD_GO_TO during PREP collection then clear the waypoint buffer
if master sends CMD_RUN during PREP collection then ignore if not enough waypoints is collected yet (always 20 waypoints).


when it receive CMD_RUN, it will start to execute the path following operation based on the collected waypoints.
the path following algorithm for now is a simple APF (artificial potential field) based path following
    with the obstacle here is the other slave robots (possible coz the slave receive the same radio signal so they know where the other robots are)
    this will be a threshold based repulsion field for the obstacles, and an attraction field for the waypoints.
the robot will follow the path until it reach the last waypoint, then it will go back to IDLE state.
the obstacle avoidance is optional, and should be activated by the Data13 in the PREP command.
        when activated, obstacle avoidance feature will be on, for both the path following and the GO_TO operation.
        when deactivated, the robot will just follow the path or go to the target location without any avoidance.

above is the overall logic for the slave wixel code.
for the master wixel code, its bit easier coz we already handle the logic in the slave, but we still need to handle the USB-SERIAL command from the computer to the master.


but before we code everything , we need to make sure the basic communication, state change and RGB led control is working first. (disable the motor control and path tracking and goal reaching function for now).
this initial version will be quite straightforward, implement the above logic.
but for the motor control make it zero, and for the path tracking and goal reaching, its a placeholder and do nothing, but will timeout after a while to go back (and assume that the goal is reached after timeout).


some Q&A:
Issue: In HOME and RUN states, is position filtering applied before or after state transitions? If filtering introduces lag, destination detection in HOME will be delayed
this is a good question. i think lag is acceptable as the robot is slow.


now for the master wixel code. 
we need to receive data from the USB serial, update some logic, and send the appropriate radio packets to the slaves.
we will have n slave. this n is default to be four. but also allow to change to be three in advanced mode (that will be turn on/off through the serial command).
for each slave, the data format follow the above definition.
at every moment, there will be another python code running on the computer to send command and data to the master wixel through USB serial.
the python code also always listen to the Optitrack data thourhg another channel, and update the robot position data in the radio packet to be sent to the slaves.
 the data the python code is having right now is like this:
 [2025-10-22 18:34:59.347] Frame: 1 | FPS:  33.78 | Robots: 2
Robot  2 | X:   0.3491 | Y:  -0.7163 | Z:   0.1741 | Rot:    92.96°
Robot  3 | X:   0.4217 | Y:  -0.5115 | Z:   0.0967 | Rot:   161.70°
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[2025-10-22 18:34:59.453] Frame: 3 | FPS:  22.27 | Robots: 2
Robot  2 | X:   0.3486 | Y:  -0.7166 | Z:   0.1736 | Rot:    93.11°
Robot  3 | X:   0.4218 | Y:  -0.5118 | Z:   0.0959 | Rot:   161.42°
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[2025-10-22 18:34:59.617] Frame: 6 | FPS:  20.15 | Robots: 2
Robot  2 | X:   0.3473 | Y:  -0.7168 | Z:   0.1771 | Rot:    95.83°
Robot  3 | X:   0.4218 | Y:  -0.5118 | Z:   0.0959 | Rot:   161.42°
so dont care about the python code for now, you can just assume that they work and send the data to serial COM.
so ideally, the python code also need to send the same data format to the master wixel through serial COM, the master will parse and then send the appropriate radio packet to the slaves.

we will write the python code right now for the testing purpose.
the python will receive command from the keyboard for now to mimic the actual operation.
and then send the command to serial COM.

python send the whole packet at once, with the random position data, the CMD will based on the key pressed like this:
 press key a: 
    this command the robot r-id to stop, r-id(local python memory) then increase by 1.
press key f:
    this command the robot r-id to go to a random location
press key j:
    this flush the robot r-id to prepare for operation, and send multiple PREP commands with random waypoints 
        the strategy will be, first try to send the 20 waypoitns in 7 PREP commands (3 waypoints each for first 6 commands, and 2 waypoints for the last command)
        then loop back to this several more times to make sure the slave receive all the data
        so ideally, the slave will receive 20*k waypoints with 20 unique waypoints (thats why we have the order field in the waypoint data structure)
    this will last for at most five seconds (hopefully five seconds is enough for k >= 3)
press key 9:
    this command the robot r-id to start the operation prepared by the previous PREP commands.

press key 0:
    this will toggle the advance mode (change numebr of slaves)
the r_id only increase in the press key a event, so we can target each single robot and try to cycle thourgh all the commands before moving to the next robot.
    
remember that python still need to send the whole data packet for all the slaves at once, so if we have 3 slaves, then the packet will be like this:
ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 .. .. Data12 Data13 Delimiter ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 .. .. Data12 Data13 Delimiter ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 .. .. Data12 Data13 Delimiter
only the current r-id robot have its CMD and data changed, the other robots will just receive the previous command and data (so they keep doing what they are doing right now).

thats the logic for python code.
now the logic for master wixel code.
the master wixel will always listen to the serial COM for data from python.
if data received, it will parse the whole packet, then send the radio packet  
but if no data is received for a while (2 seconds), then it will default to send the STOP command to all the slaves to make sure they stop.


q&a: 
1. PREP Collection Clear Logic - Missing Edge Case
  if master sends CMD_GO_TO during PREP collection 
 this is implemented in the slave side already, as the slave will clear the waypoint storage and change to HOME state.
 tho, in reality, this should not happen, coz the HOME command is normally called and wait to be done before the PREP command.
2. Python Packet Timing During PREP Loop
 by saying 7 prep commands above, i mean through the 7 whole packets sent to the slaves.
 so for example, we press key j to start the loop.
  then right after that, the packet is sent with the first 3 waypoints
  then after we send that packet, we immediately send another packet with the next 3 waypoints
  and so on until we send all 20 waypoints.
  and then we loop back to the first waypoint and send again for several times until 5 seconds is reached.
3. Master Wixel Serial Timeout - No Explicit Safeguard
  should Log/indicate serial connection status (maybe via LED)
  and send STOP if no data is received (like above has describe)
4. Python Robot ID Cycling - No Wraparound Safeguard
  my bad, r_id should be wrap around n (number of slaves)
5. Position Data Endianness in PREP Packet
i dont understand what you mean by endian, but i do know that the position x and y  are float values and is bounded between -3 to 3 (meters). our resolution is down to 1 cm, so we can just care for 3 floating points.
6. Master Wixel - Multiple Slave Parsing Logic
    the delimiter = 0xFF, and you can also know the radio method in the sample code to how to do it.


BUG: this list out the current known bugs to the above logic, aften i implement and test it
1. mismatch data format. 
so i first thought the data0 and data1 should only be 1 byte, but it turns out that because they are float data, so the master sent 2 bytes for each, and this 
cause everythign to fail.

 The packet format is:

Byte 0: ADD
Byte 1-2: X position (Data0 high, Data1 low)
Byte 3-4: Y position (Data2 high, Data3 low)
Byte 5: Theta (Data4)
Byte 6: CMD ← This is where the command is!

But the slave code reads cmd = rxPacket[packetOffset + 6] which should be reading the command at position 6... but position extraction expects 5 bytes (2+2+1), so there's a mismatch in the packet structure.

need to check the test_serial.py, the get_packet function and also in the master wixel code.
maybe they are wrong, but maybe they are correct.
also check the packetOffset calculation in the master/slave wixel code as well
receiveAndProcessPackets function

2.





// note to my self, we will need another separate dummy code for the slave to tell em to just go straightforward for motor testing purpose, and also the angle calibration purpose. but they are not related to the above content, just a reminder to myself.