code for advance slave wixel

should always listening to radio, never skip this part
packet logic is still the same

ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 .. .. Data12 Data13 Delimiter then repeat for (n-1) slave

so the data packet will have a total of n times 16 bytes, where n is the number of slaves
and the whole packet maybe like this: 
ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd Data3 Data4 Data5 Data6 ....... Data13 Delimiter ADD Data0 Data1 Data2 Cmd  etc.

but now, data0, data1, data2 are reserved for robot actual position x, y, theta. this is for the robot localization for the movement purpose.
so the robot always knows where it is in the field. (assuming optitrack is not malfunctioning)
    however, coz we get harsh sunlight here, the optitrack sometimes lose track or return false feedback (a jump in position).
    so we also have a simple filering mechanism here in the slave robot side (basically a threshold based jump filter, is the change is not much then we accept it with a high alpha, else we accept with a low alpha to smooth the jump).
    we also limit the robot max speed to loosen this effect too, to be more reliable with this filter.

slave should operate like a state machine, with 3 main state:
IDLE: will flash the RGB led to red or purple
HOME: will flash the  RGB led to blue,
RUN: will flash the  RGB led to green,

so the logic is,  the state will change based on the command received from master, 
and if possible, from the internal sensor/timer as well. but  we can not use  any onboard sensor from Zumo tho, as they need the SCL and SDA, which we are using for another purposes

the slave will NOT be able to send any data back to master, it will only receive commands and execute them. remember that, so this is a one way communication, and an open loop from the master POV

here are the command could be from the master: (for cmd), this is a draft, we will replace the nickname with the actual command code later
    CMD_STOP: should stop all motion and abort all current operation
    CMD_GO_TO: should go to a specific location (Data3 and Data 4)
    CMD_PREP: tell the slave to prepare for an operation. after this the master begin to send multiple PREP CMD to the slave.
                this also make the slave stop any current operation and listen to collect the needed data.
                this process can continue for quite a while until the master send a different command.
    CMD_RUN: tell the slave to start the operation prepared by the previous PREP commands.
                after this command, the slave should start the operation.
    thats it for now.

the state machine logic should/ maybe like this, for each state, we have different behavior for the RGB led, and different response to the command received

IDLE: RGB led flash red or purple. robot should be stationary
    on CMD_PREP: purple led, stay in IDLE, collecting data for the operation
    on CMD_RUN: go to RUN state (but reject if not enough data is collected yet)
    on CMD_STOP: red led, stay in IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: go to HOME state 
HOME: RGB led flash blue. this is a transition state, as robot will head to the target location specified by the CMD_GO_TO
    on CMD_PREP: ignore, stay in HOME.
    on CMD_RUN: ignore, stay in HOME
    on CMD_STOP: red led, go to IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: update target location, stay in HOME.
    on reach destination: red led, go to IDLE state.
        detect the reach destination by using a distance threshold to the target location.
RUN: RGB led flash green. robot is executing the operation prepared by the previous PREP commands. 
    on CMD_PREP: ignore, stay in RUN.
    on CMD_RUN: ignore, stay in RUN
    on CMD_STOP: red led, go to IDLE
    on CMD_GO_TO: ignore, stay in RUN.
    on finish operation: red led, go to IDLE state.

the operation in RUN state, technically could be anything, but here, it is tracking a predefined path with optional obstacle avoidance features.
the path is defined by the previous PREP commands, which is a series of waypoints and their order.
the data format in the PREP command will be like this to a robot with ADD add 
    add Data0 Data1 Data2 PREP  ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY ORDER POSITIONX POSITIONY Data13 DELIMITER 
coz we limit to 10 bytes of data reserve for the CMD, so we can only send 3 waypoints each time (position + order) to the slave.
so if we want to send more waypoints, we need to send multiple PREP commands to the slave, and the slave will store them in a predefine-size array of 20 waypoints.
so the slave will collect all the waypoints from multiple PREP commands, until it receive a different command (CMD_RUN, CMD_STOP, CMD_GO_TO)
the master during this time would keep sending PREP data for a while (maybe 5 seconds ) to make sure the slave get all the data.

if master sends CMD_GO_TO during PREP collection then clear the waypoint buffer
if master sends CMD_RUN during PREP collection then ignore if not enough waypoints is collected yet (always 20 waypoints).


when it receive CMD_RUN, it will start to execute the path following operation based on the collected waypoints.
the path following algorithm for now is a simple APF (artificial potential field) based path following
    with the obstacle here is the other slave robots (possible coz the slave receive the same radio signal so they know where the other robots are)
    this will be a threshold based repulsion field for the obstacles, and an attraction field for the waypoints.
the robot will follow the path until it reach the last waypoint, then it will go back to IDLE state.
the obstacle avoidance is optional, and should be activated by the Data13 in the PREP command.
        when activated, obstacle avoidance feature will be on, for both the path following and the GO_TO operation.
        when deactivated, the robot will just follow the path or go to the target location without any avoidance.

above is the overall logic for the slave wixel code.
for the master wixel code, its bit easier coz we already handle the logic in the slave, but we still need to handle the USB-SERIAL command from the computer to the master.


but before we code everything , we need to make sure the basic communication, state change and RGB led control is working first. (disable the motor control and path tracking and goal reaching function for now).
this initial version will be quite straightforward, implement the above logic.
but for the motor control make it zero, and for the path tracking and goal reaching, its a placeholder and do nothing, but will timeout after a while to go back (and assume that the goal is reached after timeout).


some Q&A:
Issue: In HOME and RUN states, is position filtering applied before or after state transitions? If filtering introduces lag, destination detection in HOME will be delayed
this is a good question. i think lag is acceptable as the robot is slow.